\textbf{\taskref{NCR} Non-accessible Component Recovery (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:1-1}-~\ref{fig:1-3})}: In both the CLAY and Rico-s datasets, a critical text component labeled "30" is missing, which results in the loss of essential information for users. In \figureautorefname~\ref{fig:1-3}, manual annotations addressed this issue by adding the missing component focus, thereby restoring the accessibility of independently semantic components.

\textbf{\taskref{DCP} Duplicate Component Pruning (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:2-1}-~\ref{fig:2-3})}: The pop-up list pages in \figureautorefname~\ref{fig:2-1}-~\ref{fig:2-3} exhibit redundancy in the CLAY and Rico-s datasets, where each list item is represented by two overlapping bounding boxes. These redundant semantic components reduce operational efficiency by requiring users to navigate duplicate focuses. In our \data dataset, each list item is consolidated into a single focusable component, streamlining interaction.

\textbf{\taskref{IVCF}  Invisible Component Filtering (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:3-1}-~\ref{fig:3-3})}: \figureautorefname~\ref{fig:3-1}-~\ref{fig:3-3} involve a page with two stacked views, where the lower layer is invisible. The Rico-s dataset fails to filter out invisible components, potentially misleading users about the content of the page. Both the CLAY and manually annotated datasets retain only visible components as focusable elements; however, the CLAY dataset includes an unnecessary outermost bounding box.

\textbf{\taskref{IACF}  Inactive Component Filtering (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:4-1}-~\ref{fig:4-3})}: In \figureautorefname~\ref{fig:4-1}-~\ref{fig:4-3}, a filter pop-up overlays inactive views. Neither the CLAY nor Rico-s datasets filter out components from the inactive views, complicating user interaction and comprehension of the filter functionality. The manual annotations (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:noa-examples} l) focus exclusively on the active pop-up, improving user understanding and efficiency.

\textbf{\taskref{SCA}  Semantic Component Aggregation (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:5-1}-~\ref{fig:5-3})}: \figureautorefname~\ref{fig:5-1}-~\ref{fig:5-3} contains numerous icons. In both the CLAY and Rico-s datasets, icons and their corresponding labels are treated as separate components. The manually annotated dataset (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:noa-examples} o) groups these into unified components, enhancing usability by aligning semantic and visual associations, thus improving operational efficiency.

\textbf{\taskref{CCS} Complex Component Segmentation (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:6-1}-~\ref{fig:6-3})}: The competition information page in \figureautorefname~\ref{fig:6-1}-~\ref{fig:6-3} is complex, with numerous text components in the middle section treated as independent entities in both the CLAY and Rico-s datasets. The manual annotations (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:6-3}) reorganize these components into logically grouped segments. This segmentation improves usability by presenting information in a more structured format without compromising comprehension.

\textbf{\taskref{MCF} Minimal-functional Component Focusability (\figureautorefname~\ref{fig:7-1}-~\ref{fig:7-3})}: In \figureautorefname~\ref{fig:7-1}-~\ref{fig:7-3}, the active pop-up in the Rico-s dataset is represented as a single, large component, with no separation for its internal text or button elements. 